README.md, before:

# freecodecamp assignments

A repo to track my progress on FCC assignments.

## Table of Contents

- [HTML](#html)
  - [HTML Basics](#html-basics)
  - [Semantic HTML](#semantic-html)
  - [Forms and Tables](#forms-and-tables)
  - [Accessibility](#accessibility)
- [CSS](#css)
  - [CSS Basics](#css-basics)

## HTML

> I have taken the freedom to add dark mode styling since I find it helpful to reduce eye strain.
> The original fcc labs from this section do not touch on custom styling in order to ease the learning curve.

### HTML Basics

1. Build a [recipe page](html/basic-html/recipe.html)

   Topics: HTML boilerplate, headings, lists, and images.

2. Build a [Travel agency page](html/basic-html/travel-agency.html)

   Topics: Images, the `figure` and `figcaption` elements, and the anchor element.

3. Build a [Heart icon](html/basic-html/heart-icon.html)

   Topics: `path`, `svg`.

   We use vector elements to create a heart icon.

4. Build a [video compilation](html/basic-html/video-compilation.html)

   Topics: `iframe`, `section`.

   We use the `iframe` element to embed youtube videos, and the semantic `section` element.
   Videos were selected intentionally to make an Unreal Engine learning resources page.

### Semantic HTML

1. Build a [Cat Blog Page](html/semantic-html/cat-blog.html)

   Topics: Semantic html elements like `nav`, `header`, `main`, `footer`, and `address`.

2. Build an [Event Hub Page](html/semantic-html/event-hub.html)

   Topics: semantic html elements like `section`, `article`, `time`, and `lists`.
   The page holds info on future and past imaginary thematic events.

### Forms and Tables

1. Build a [Hotel Feedback Form](html/forms-tables/hotel-feedback.html)

   Topics: Forms and inputs - Guided. [Workshop details](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/workshop-hotel-feedback-form/step-1)

2. Build a [Survey Form](html/forms-tables/survey-form.html)

   Topics: Forms and different type of inputs. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-survey-form/build-a-survey-form).

   I chose Gen AI user experience as the topic for this lab.

3. Build a [Book Catalog Table](html/forms-tables/books-table.html)

   Topics: Vanilla HTML tables, `thead`, `tbody`, `tfoot`. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-book-catalog-table/build-a-book-catalog-table).

   Content is about bestselling books.

### Accessibility

1. Build a [Checkout Page](html/accessibility/checkout-page.html)

   Topics: Aria and alt attributes with inputs and images. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-checkout-page/build-a-checkout-page).

2. Build a [Movie Review Page](html/accessibility/movie-review.html)

   Topics: Alt attributes, accessible lists, and hiding decorative content from screen readers. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-movie-review-page/design-a-movie-review-page)

3. Build a [Multimedia Player](html/accessibility/multimedia-player.html)

   Topics: accessibility principles for video and audio elements. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-multimedia-player/lab-multimedia-player)

## CSS

### CSS Basics

1. Design a [business card](css/basic-css/business-card/index.html)

   Topics: Margins, spacing, width, centering content, background and font color. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-business-card/design-a-business-card)

Commit message:

Add audio/video player lab solution
This was recently added to FCC curriculum as a simlpified lab variation of the `Build a Multimedia Player` lab.

README.md, after:

# freecodecamp assignments

A repo to track my progress on FCC assignments.

## Table of Contents

- [HTML](#html)
  - [HTML Basics](#html-basics)
  - [Semantic HTML](#semantic-html)
  - [Forms and Tables](#forms-and-tables)
  - [Accessibility](#accessibility)
- [CSS](#css)
  - [CSS Basics](#css-basics)

## HTML

> I have taken the freedom to add dark mode styling since I find it helpful to reduce eye strain.
> The original fcc labs from this section do not touch on custom styling in order to ease the learning curve.

### HTML Basics

1. Build a [recipe page](html/basic-html/recipe.html)

   Topics: HTML boilerplate, headings, lists, and images.

2. Build a [Travel agency page](html/basic-html/travel-agency.html)

   Topics: Images, the `figure` and `figcaption` elements, and the anchor element.

3. Build an [Audio and Video Player](html/basic-html/audio-video-player.html)

   Topics: Audio and video elements. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-html-audio-and-video-player/build-an-html-audio-and-video-player)

4. Build a [Heart icon](html/basic-html/heart-icon.html)

   Topics: `path`, `svg`.

   We use vector elements to create a heart icon.

5. Build a [video compilation](html/basic-html/video-compilation.html)

   Topics: `iframe`, `section`.

   We use the `iframe` element to embed youtube videos, and the semantic `section` element.
   Videos were selected intentionally to make an Unreal Engine learning resources page.

### Semantic HTML

1. Build a [Cat Blog Page](html/semantic-html/cat-blog.html)

   Topics: Semantic html elements like `nav`, `header`, `main`, `footer`, and `address`.

2. Build an [Event Hub Page](html/semantic-html/event-hub.html)

   Topics: semantic html elements like `section`, `article`, `time`, and `lists`.
   The page holds info on future and past imaginary thematic events.

### Forms and Tables

1. Build a [Hotel Feedback Form](html/forms-tables/hotel-feedback.html)

   Topics: Forms and inputs - Guided. [Workshop details](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/workshop-hotel-feedback-form/step-1)

2. Build a [Survey Form](html/forms-tables/survey-form.html)

   Topics: Forms and different type of inputs. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-survey-form/build-a-survey-form).

   I chose Gen AI user experience as the topic for this lab.

3. Build a [Book Catalog Table](html/forms-tables/books-table.html)

   Topics: Vanilla HTML tables, `thead`, `tbody`, `tfoot`. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-book-catalog-table/build-a-book-catalog-table).

   Content is about bestselling books.

### Accessibility

1. Build a [Checkout Page](html/accessibility/checkout-page.html)

   Topics: Aria and alt attributes with inputs and images. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-checkout-page/build-a-checkout-page).

2. Build a [Movie Review Page](html/accessibility/movie-review.html)

   Topics: Alt attributes, accessible lists, and hiding decorative content from screen readers. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-movie-review-page/design-a-movie-review-page)

3. Build a [Multimedia Player](html/accessibility/multimedia-player.html)

   Topics: accessibility principles for video and audio elements. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-multimedia-player/lab-multimedia-player)

## CSS

### CSS Basics

1. Design a [business card](css/basic-css/business-card/index.html)

   Topics: Margins, spacing, width, centering content, background and font color. [User stories](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-business-card/design-a-business-card)
